What is the reason for the brand name change from Fair and Lovely to Glow and Lovely?
Fair & lovely is the number 1 face care brand in Sri Lanka and is used by over a million householdsThrough the years, Fair & Lovely has evolved in the ingredients it has used in order to deliver more benefits in the safest possible manner to its consumers The brand today is made up of multiple nourishing vitamins that range from Vitamins B3, B6, C & E. These vitamins combined, really delivers more than just an enhancement or an improvement in your skin tone. It delivers a lot more - It delivers Glow! Which is bright, radiant, nourished and clear skinTherefore, we decided to reflect the true benefit the brand delivers by changing its name from Fair & Lovely to Glow & Lovely and from Fair & Lovely Men’s to Glow & Handsome!

What is the reason behind changing an established brand name?
As the market leader in the Face Care Category, it is our responsibility to introduce new products or improve current products to cater to the evolving needs of the consumer. Fair & Lovely today delivers more than just a tone improvement. Its delivers bright, radiant, nourished and clear skin. Therefore, it is important that we reflect the true benefit delivered through the product and change its name to Glow & Lovely

Is the brand Name change from FAL to GAL applicable to all Variants / SKUs under FAL portfolio?
Yes

Along with the name change is there any change in the formulation?
No, while the name has changed formulation remains the same

Does it contain bleach or any other harmful chemicals?
Fair & Lovely has never had Bleach - Its 100 % bleach free and 100% safe on skin

Is there any change to MRP and Trade Margins?
No

What is the country of Manufacture of Glow & Lovely and Glow & Handsome ?
Both products are manufactured in Sri Lanka

How will the consumers be made aware about the Brand name change?
Unilever will be supporting the transition with heavy investments to educate consumers that Fair and lovely has now changed to Glow and Lovely, and will be supported across all mediums(TV/ RADIO/ PRESS/ DIGITAL/POP/OUTDOOR)

How will consumers identify Fair and Lovely is now Glow & Lovely when they are shopping ?
Both brand names will appear on pack for the foreseeable future 

Was this transition initiated due to the Black Lives Matter movement?
No. In early Q4 of 2019 the brand had already made a significant and conscious move from codes of fairness to that of glow and radiance that reflected both on pack and in communication. Taking forward USL’sflagship skin care brand’s journey towards a more inclusive vision of beauty, we will stop using the word ‘Fair’ in the brand name Fair & Lovely

Lifebuoy Covid-19 Coronavirus test results; Reactive media Q&A; May 2nd, 2020;

For any questions not covered in this Q&A please contact Chloe Campen (BPC Communications Director) or Pam Runnacles (BPC communications Manager) 

Note: Please be aware we are talking about the initial test results on the virus, SARS-CoV-2, not the disease Covid-19.

Has Lifebuoy tested against the current COVID 19 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2 virus)?
Yes. Internationally accredited Mircobac Laboratories (based in USA) has tested a Lifebuoy liquid handwash and an alcohol-based hand sanitizer gel (with 65% alcohol), sold in Asia, Africa and the Middle East for efficacy on SARS-CoV-2 virus.

What did the data show?
We can confirm that one of our liquid had wash variants and an alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel sold incertain markets in Asia, Africa and the Middle East are over 99.9% effective against SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for COVID-19. Testing is being conducted by Microbac Laboratories in line with international test standards.

What do you mean when you say the products you’ve tested are over 99.9% effective against 
Covid19 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2 virus)?The ‘99.9% effective against Covid19 Coronavirus’ reference means that the Lifebuoy products tested on the SARS-CoV-2 virus, are effective in inactivating at least 999 out of 1000 viruses in any given test. This level of inactivation is recognised by regulations around the world. 

Does 99.9% efficacy mean there is any chance of still getting infected?
The ‘99.9% effective against Covid19 Coronavirus’ reference means that the Lifebuoy products tested on the SARS-CoV-2 virus and are effective in inactivating at least 999 out of 1000 viruses in any given test. This level of inactivation is recognised by regulations around the world. Protection from the infection is dependent on multiple factors including good hand hygiene, social distancing and avoiding people who might be ill, as recommended by public health authorities. 

How much has this testing cost?
For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to comment on how much the test cost. 

Why have you only published the initial results rather than waiting for the final results? 
We hope that by sharing our initial test results we give people further reassurance in the products testedand encourage even greater adoption of hand washing and good hygiene habits. 

Which virus was used for Lifebuoy testing?
The products have been tested against SARS-CoV-2, which is the virus responsible for Covid-19

How did Lifebuoy get access to testing SARS-CoV-2?
We are working with Microbac Laboratories, an internationally accredited laboratory, which has access to the virus. 

Where was the SARS-CoV-2 viral strain you used sourced from?
We are unable to share details of where the virus was sourced, this is managed by Microbac Laboratories. 

When did you get access to the virus?
Lifebuoy does not have access to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, virus responsible for Covid-19. We are working with Microbac Laboratories, an internationally accredited laboratory, which does have access to the virus.

How long does the testing take? 
To ensure results are accurate the testing process can take a few weeks to complete. All tests are done in line with global standards.

How has the test been done?
The test has been done in line with global protocols and standards. If needed: ASTM International standard test method designated E1052-11 “Standard Test Method to Assess the Activity of Microbicides against Viruses in Suspension” was used to test the productshttps://www.astm.org/DATABASE.CART/HISTORICAL/E1052-11.htm

What exact products have been tested?
For internal reference: Avoid getting drawn into a conversation on the exact products tested in each market. There is a risk given not all product formulations were tested in every market. - Lifebuoy Handwash - sold in India, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka- Lifebuoy Hand Sanitizer – sold in India, Indonesia, China, Singapore, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait

I noticed that your liquid hand wash sold in Singapore is not covered by your testing – isn’t your announcement misleading? 
- We will only get this question if we are called out by regulators
Our global announcement is intended to cover all regions where our Lifebuoy liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser are sold. This includes Asia, Africa and the Middle East. We are also sharing the initial results of our first two products and we are testing other products in our range. If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share the other products being tested. 

Why have you only tested two products? Why not the full range? 
The two products tested are our most popular with consumers. We prioritised these products as consumers expressed an interest in understanding whether they are effective against the Covid-19 Coroanvirus. The test results confirm that they are over 99.9% effective against the virus, which means these products can effectively inactivate the virus. If pushed: We are expecting the initial results for our Lifebuoy bar soap soon

Does your bar soap work on SARS-CoV-2 as well?
In line with guidance from public health authorities, regular and thorough hand washing with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitisers can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading the Covid-19 Coronavirus. We support this guidance and have been encouraging the use of any soap to help reduce the spread of infections through our public health campaign. 
The testing we have done confirms this guidance and provides the scientific evidence that our liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel are effective against Covid-19 Coronavirus. 

What other products have you tested?
We are sharing the initial results of our first two products and we are testing other products in our range.If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share details of our other products being tested.

Have your (Lifebuoy) products been tested on any other diseases? 
Lifebuoy is one of the world’s best one selling soap brands. Our products are routinely tested on a range of bacterial and viral strains.All testing is done in line with internationally recognised standards and protocols and by accredited thirdparty laboratories. 
If needed: Lifebuoy products have been proven on pandemic strains before, including MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. 
For reference:
Testing protocols used to generate these results include: 
- ASTM E1052-11: Standard Test Method for Efficacy of Antimicrobial Agents Against Viruses in Suspension
- ASTM E2783-11: Standard Test Method for Assessment of Antimicrobial Activity for Water Miscible Compounds Using a Time-Kill Procedure

There are many circulating strains across the world, does it mean Lifebuoy products have been tested on all strains/mutations?
Note: Respond only if pushed and answer needs to reflect the wording below. Please revert to Unilever R&D for clarity (Shilpa Vora) 
Human coronaviruses including SARS-CoV-2 belong to the family of enveloped viruses. The “envelop” is like a jacket made up of lipids and proteins and protects the virus from the environment and helps it to enter human cells such as lung cells. Soaps, liquid hand washes, alcohol-based hand sanitisers can effectively disrupt the protective layer and inactivate the virus. 
Based on the data from the initial results for the two Lifebuoy products tested, and consistent structure of coronaviruses, we anticipate similar results for other Lifebuoy products. Our products have also been proven to be effective against other pandemic strains, including MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. 

Why did you test your 65% alcohol sanitizer and not 70% or 80% alcohol sanitizer?
Our 65% alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel offers the lowest level of concentration in our range. Public health authorities, (US CDC), have advised using hand sanitisers which contain over 60% alcohol as part of good hand hygiene practices.

At the initial stages of the COVID 19 outbreak, Lifebuoy informed the public to use any soap. Does this testing change your position? 
Our position has not changed. We conducted the testing to provide the further scientific evidence that our tested liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel are effective against the Covid-19 Coronavirus. We continue to support and promote the advice from public health authorities on regular hand washing with soap and water and encourage the use of any soap to help fight the spread of the virus. 

How does Lifebuoy soap differ from other soaps?
Lifebuoy comes in a unique range of formats and variants that allows you to select the ones that are best suited to you and your family. Lifebuoy has over 125 years of research and heritage in personal health and hygiene. Lifebuoy started with William Lever's goal to stop cholera in Victorian England in the 1800’s. Over the past century, we have evolved into one of the world's leading hygiene soap brands and we are sold in over 60 countries now. In fact, since 2010, we have reached 1 billion people through our global handwashing programs and TV advertising in order to improve people’s health and hygiene. As prescribed by the WHO, CDC and other health authorities, washing hands with soap and use alcohol-based sanitizers are effective ways to prevent the spread of the SARS-CoV-2.

At the initial stages of the COVID 19 outbreak, Lifebuoy informed the public to use any soap. Does this testing change your position? Will you only now promote your products? 
Our position has not changed. We continue to support and promote the advice from public health authorities on regular hand washing with soap and water and encourage the use of any soap to help fight the spread of the virus. We conducted the testing to provide the scientific evidence that the liquid hand wash and alcohol-based hand sanitiser gel tested are effective against the Covid-19 Coronavirus. 
If needed: These two products were tested first, given the high level of interest from consumers. We are testing other products in our portfolio

Is Lifebuoy using this testing as an opportunity to increase sales? 
We know our consumers are looking for products which can help reduce the spread of Covid-19 Coronavirus. We carried out testing to reassure people on the effectiveness of our products against the virus, and more importantly, to highlight the importance of good hand hygiene practices. Since the start of the global pandemic, Lifebuoy has been promoting good hand hygiene, in line with guidance from public health authorities, and the use of any soap to help reduce the spread of infection. 

Questions on broader UL BPC portfolio 
25. The test results are only in relation to Lifebuoy does this mean that your other brands /hand hygiene products aren’t effective against the virus? 
Proof points:
- All of our hand hygiene products within our beauty and personal care range are important in helping to reduce the spread of the virus. As recommended by public health authorities, regular and thorough hand washing with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitisers can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading Covid-19. This guidance is also something we have been promoting in all our brand communications. 
- The public health guidance is based on the technology of these products and how they work on the structure of the virus. Coronaviruses are enveloped viruses which contain an outer protective layer made of fatty molecules. Soap and hand sanisiters can help to break apart this outer protective layer and inactivate the virus. 
- Lifebuoy’s initial test results provide the scientific evidence to show that the products tested can inactivate the Covid-19 Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). This provides people with further reassurance in the products and reinforces the importance of good hand hygiene.

Are you testing any Home Care Products? 
The focus of our announcement is on our personal hygiene products. We are testing other products in our portfolio. If needed: For confidentiality reasons, we are unable to share the other products being tested. 

Is this Laboratory accredited?
Yes. The laboratory is accredited in line with internationally recognised standards.
If needed: International Standard ISO/IEC 17025:2017 General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories. In addition, it has U.S. EPA FIFRA Good Laboratory Practice Standard (GLP), the U.S. FDA GLP Standard (21 CFR part 58), and Good Manufacturing Practice Standard (GMP), accreditation is granted to this laboratory to perform the viricidal testing. https://www.microbac.com/virology

How long have you been working with Microbac Laboratories? 
We have been working with this laboratory for the last five years. 

Where was the test done?
The testing was carried out by Microbac Laboratories which is based in the US. 
If needed: https://www.microbac.com/

I have an oily skin, what product should I use?
• PSLG: We recommend Pond’s Super Light Gel for oily skin as its lightweight formulation is non-sticky, non-greasy on skin
• Pure Detox: With activated charcoal, Pure Detox deep cleanses oil, dirt and grime from your face for a pollution-free glow.

Can I get whitening from this product?
• Bright Beauty: Pro-Vitamin B3 in Pond’s Bright Beauty serum cream is a effective skin brightening agent and gives a bright look to your skin.
• PLM: Vitamin E and Glycerin in POND’S Light Moisturiser helps to moisturize your skin while giving you a non oily fresh glow.
• PSLG: POND’S Super Light Gel is enriched with Hyaluronic Acid which hydrates skin with Vitamin E and give your skin a water fresh glow. 

Is there a product to treat dark spots?
• Bright Beauty: The anti-spot formula with Pro-Vitamin B3 in Pond’s Bright Beauty Serum Cream is clinically proven to fade stubborn dark spots from within.

What are the benefits of this product?
• Bright Beauty: The ingredients pro-Vitamin B3 is a potent skin brightening agent and proven to reduce stubborn dark spots from within to reveal beautiful and spot-less skin from outside.
• PLM: Pond’s Light Moisturiser contains lightweight formula and does not leave skin sticky, and it is fast absorbent hence does not leave white cast on face. Also, it gives 24-hour moisture lock to ensure that your skin remains properly hydrated and nourished all the time. 
• PSLG: Pond’s Super Light Gel absorbs faster than regular creams, gives 24-hour hydration for a water-fresh glow, and helps to restore the moisture balance to keep your skin soft and smooth.

what are the benefits of:
Pond’s Pure Detox Face wash benefits are: Pond’s Pure Detox Face wash helps to remove all traces of pollution, dirt and impurities and give your skin a fresh, clean and glowing complexion. Due to its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.
Bright Beauty FW: This Pond’s Bright Beauty face wash helps to removes layers of dead skin cells, and it strengthens skin's natural renewal process, revealing new bright cells. It also renew your maximum brightness with everyday wash. Due to its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.
Pimple Clear FW: Pond’s Pimple clear face wash penetrates deep into your skin to lock pimple causing germs at the root and helps clear them away and helps to clear pimples in just 3 days. Due to the creamy, thick texture in this face wash gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin

can I use serum day or night? Is this am or pm creams?
Light Moisturiser, Bright Beauty Serum Cream and Super Light Gel- These 3 products can be used at any time in a da

Products for various skin types-based questions
Light Moisturiser – For dry skin
Bright Beauty Serum Cream – For all skin types
Bright Beauty FW – For all skin types, especially suited for dry skin
Pure Detox FW – For oily skin
Pimple Clear FW – For acne prone skin
Super Light Gel – For oily skin

Products purchase place-based questions like How can I get this?
1. Ustore, 2. Supermarket – Keels | Cargils | Arpico | Glowmark, 3. Fancy outlets and 4. Daraz

Products price based questions
POND'S Bright Beauty Serum Cream 23g Rs. 680
POND'S Light Moisturiser 24.5G Rs. 375
POND'S Bright Beauty FW 50G Rs. 670
POND'S Pure Detox FW 50G Rs. 670
POND'S PMPL CLR 50G Rs. 800
POND'S Bright Beauty Facewash 100G Rs. 800
POND'S Pure Detox x 100G Rs. 800
POND'S Super Light Gel 25g Rs. 450
POND'S Super Light Gel 50g Rs. 750

Product Description of Pond’s Super Light Gel: Looking for 24 hours of moisturization for your skin? Look no further! Introducing the all-new Pond’s Super Light Gel - your go-to moisturizer giving you 200% hydration for a water fresh glow!
POND’S Super Light Gel is Special:
• Infused with the goodness of Hyaluronic Acid, Vitamin E and Glycerine.
• Absorbs faster than regular creams 
• Gives 24-hour hydration for a water-fresh glow!
• Helps to restore the moisture balance to keep your skin soft and smooth.
• Lightweight formula absorbs into the skin instantly without leaving any sticky 
feeling, making it ideal for all seasons of weather in Sri Lanka.
• Its non-oily formula keeps oiliness and stickiness at bay, keeping your skin feeling 
fresh and glowing from AM to PM.
SKUs : 25ml | 50ml
MRP : 25ml = Rs. 450 | 50ml = Rs. 750
POND’S Super Light Gel is Special Key Ingredients are :
Hyaluronic Acid: Helps make the skin soft and supple by retaining moisture.
Vitamin E: Promotes skin healing and reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
Glycerine: Helps attract and retain moisture in the skin, making it look healthy and radiant throughout the day.
To Use POND’S Super Light Gel: Gently massage with circular movements, starting from the centre to the contours of your cleansed face. For best results use every morning and evening.

Product Description of POND’S Light Moisturiser is: 
Get supple and soft skin with Pond's Light Moisturiser. This formulation is infused with Vitamin E and Glycerine to moisturize your skin for a non oily fresh glow.
POND’S Light Moisturiser is SPECIAL because of:
✓ Pond's Light Moisturiser is lightweight and does not leave skin sticky
✓ It is fast absorbent and does not leave white cast on face.
✓ It comes with 24-hour moisture lock to ensure that your skin remains properly hydrated and nourished all the time. 
✓ Suitable for dry skin type. 
SKUs : 25ml
MRP : 25ml = Rs. 375
Ingredients of POND’S Light Moisturiser are :Enriched with Vitamin E and Glycerine.
To use POND’S Light Moisturiser: Gently massage Pond's Light Moisturizer onto your face & neck in an upward circular motion twice daily.

Product Description of POND’S Bright Beauty Cream :
✓ In today’s harsh sun, even just 10 minutes outside can lead to stubborn dark spots. Presenting Pond’s Bright Beauty ; your spotless glow expert, brought to you by The Pond’s Institute. Why POND’S Bright Beauty Cream is SPECIAL?
✓ It’s anti-spot formula with Pro-Vitamin B3 is clinically proven to fade stubborn dark spots from within.
✓ Pro-Vitamin B3 is a potent skin brightening agent and proven to reduce stubborn dark spots from within to reveal beautiful and spot-less skin from outside.
✓ It brightens skin and dark spots.
SKUs : 23g 
MRP : 23g = Rs.680
To use POND’S Bright Beauty Cream : 
✓ Take a pearl sized amount of Pond’s Bright Beauty Serum cream onto your fingers. 
✓ Apply a few dots of cream on your dark spots first, followed by rest of forehead, nose, both sides of cheek, chin and either side of neck. 
✓ Massage evenly so that cream spreads equally and penetrates deep into your skin, especially dark spots.
✓ Do this every day to see your spot-less bright skin with a difference. For best results, use daily along with Pond’s Bright Beauty face wash.Ingredients :
✓ Infused with Pro Vitamin B3 and Glycerin

Description of Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash : Is your true brightness lost or hidden? Over time, dead skin cells accumulate on your skin, hiding your true brightness, making you look dull. Introducing new and improved Pond's Bright Beauty Spot-less Glow Face Wash. 
Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash is SPECIAL ?
✓ Infused with Vitamin B3+, it removes layers of dead skin cells, and it strengthens skin's natural renewal process, revealing new bright cells. 
✓ Renew your maximum brightness with everyday wash. 
✓ Clinically proven to give you brightness from the first wash. 
✓ Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash and does not dry out skin.
SKUs : 50g | 100g
MRP : 50g = Rs. 670 | 100g = Rs. 800
Ingredients of Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash :Vitamin B3
To Use Pond's Bright Beauty Face Wash: 
✓ Rinse your face. 
✓ Apply a small quantity of face wash to your face. 
✓ Gently rub with your fingers in circular motions to work up a lather. 
✓ Rinse with water and pat dry.

Description of Pond's Pure Detox Face Wash : Urban atmospheres are plagued with dust and pollutants that are quite harmful to your skin. 
Pond's Pure Detox Face Wash is SPECIAL: 
✓ To help remove all traces of pollution, dirt and impurities and give your skin a fresh, clean and glowing complexion, use the Ponds Pure Detox facewash.
✓ Works for all skin types. 
✓ It helps uncover your natural radiance by working on the outside removing dead skin cells and going deeper to clean out all other impurities in your skin. 
✓ The unique formula used in this face wash features activated charcoal that work from deep within your pores to the surface to give you clear skin that’s radiant with a natural glow. 
✓ Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin
SKUs : 50g | 100g
MRP : 50g = Rs. 670 | 100g = Rs. 800

Description of Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash:All of us have dealt with pimples and acne at some point of time in our lives. Environmental factors are only some of the causes of this problem, but hormones and genetics also play a part in triggering acne. Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash, it offers the best solution for pimples and acne thanks to its unique formula that includes active Thymo-T Essence.
POND’S Pimple Clear Face Wash is SPECIAL because:
• The formula works well with this face wash for oily and dry skin types.
• It penetrates deep into your skin’s epidermis to lock pimple causing germs at the root and helps clear them away. It helps clear pimples in just 3 days.
• Face wash with the world's first Lock + Clear Technology that is clinically proven to start showing results in just three days giving you clearer, healthier, smoother skin.
• Its creamy, thick texture gives you maximum foam with little face wash, and does not dry out skin
SKUs : 50g
MRP : 50g = Rs.800
Ingredients are Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash: 
✓ Active Thymo-T EssenceTo Use Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash: 
✓ Wet your face
✓ Take some facewash , create lather, gently massage onto face and neck
✓ Rinse off with plain water.

Description of POND’S Age Miracle :
✓ Your skin begins to lose 1% collagen year after year after the age of 25. 
✓ External factors such as UV rays, pollution, blue light exposure, lack of sleep, and stress speed up your skin’s natural aging process, resulting in spots, and dull, and sagging skin. 
✓ The New Pond’s Age Miracle Range with 10% Retinol-Collagen B3 Complex has been created by experts to give youthful flowing skin in 7 days. 
POND’S Age Miracle - day cream is SPECIAL because of:
✓ This range has anti-aging ingredients like Retinol-C that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines & wrinkles. 
✓ Vit B3 + Prebiotic Complex brightens skin with 2x power & fades dark spots. 
✓ Collagen helps plump up the skin, and SPF 15 pa++ protects against UV rays and sun damage.
Ingredients of POND’S Age Miracle are : 
✓ Retinol-Collagen
✓ Vit B3 + Prebiotic Complex
To Use POND’S Age Miracle : 
✓ Take a small amount from the jar and gently dab all over cleansed face.
✓ Massage in circular motions till the cream is fully absorbed.
✓ Use every morning
✓ Pair it with the night cream for better results

Description of POND’S Age Miracle - night cream
✓ Pond’s Age Miracle Wrinkle Corrector Night Cream is an anti-aging cream here to help protect your skin against premature signs of aging and keep you looking and feeling your best.
POND’S Age Miracle - night cream is SPECIAL :
✓ It contains the highest concentration of Pond's most advanced technology, Retinol-C Complex.
✓ With added Vitamin B3 and Vitamin E3 acetate, this night cream also helps strengthen your skin’s natural barrier, protecting skin cells from foreign threats and helping it look its best. 
✓ Added glycerin boosts skin cell’s moisture from deep within to give you plumper, fuller looking skin. 
Ingredients of POND’S Age Miracle - night cream : 
✓ Retinol-C Complex.
✓ Vitamin B3 and Vitamin E3
✓ Collagen
To Use POND’S Age Miracle - night cream :
✓ Take a small amount from the jar and gently dab all over the face.
✓ Massage in circular motions till the cream is fully absorbed.
✓ Apply everyday before sleeping in the night to wake up to refreshed and repaired skin.
✓ For best results couple it with the day cream

What is Horlicks Original? 
Horlicks Original is a malt based food drink made of malted barley (extracted solids), milk solids and other ingredients.

Is Horlicks Original a malted milk? 
No, Horlicks Original is not a malted milk.  It is a malt based food drink. 

How do you define a malt based food drink? 
Malt based food drink is made of malt extract, added with skimmed milk, with or without vegetable or milk solids.

What is defined as malt extract? 
Malt extract is a sweet, sticky substance derived by processing malted barley in water.

What is malted barley? 
Malted barley is made in a process called malting. Malting is germinating grains and drying of germinated grains.

What are the ingredients used to make malt extract? 
Malted barley is the most common ingredient, while other grains such as wheat, rye and millet also can be used.Malted barley is made in a process called malting (germinating and drying of 
germinated grains in controlled conditions).

In which country is Horlicks Original manufactured? 
It is manufactured in India.

In which country is Horlicks Original packed into food containers (boxes, jars)? 
Packaging into final containers takes place in India.

What gives specific aroma and fragrance of Horlicks Original? 
Specific aroma and fragrance of Horlicks comes from malted barley (extracted solids) and milk solids.

What are the key benefits of consuming Horlicks Original? 
Horlicks Original contains protein from milk and malted barley, 23 vital nutrients needed for growing children.

What are key health benefits of consuming Horlicks Original?
Horlicks contains protein.  Protein is an important nutrient for growing children to help build their body tissues and maintain, to develop strong bones, hormones, enzymes. Protein is an important constituent of hormones which are essential during the growth of children.
Malted barley helps generate the energy children need, to grow, and be active.
Horlicks contains 23 vital nutrients which are important for a child’s growth. 
Calcium and vitamin D are equally important for maintaining healthy bones and healthy muscles in children.
Iron, folic acid, vitamin B2 (riboflavin) and vitamin B12 (cobalamin) are needed to maintain healthy blood in children.
Iron, selenium, Vitamin A and Vitamin B12 are important to maintain healthy immune function in children.
Iodine is required for healthy growth and development, and a component of important hormones All other nutrients are important for healthy growth of children.

For whom is Horlicks Original recommended? 
It is recommended for children of age 6 – 16 years.

Is Horlicks suitable for adults? 
Horlicks is a nutritional malted food beverage.  Therefore it can be consumed by adults as well.  
However, it would be ideal to consult your healthcare professional if the product can be consumed by an adult.

Does Horlicks Original provide energy? 
Horlicks Original has energy yielding nutrients (fat, carbohydrate and protein) which release energy in normal energy metabolism.  However, since there is a regulatory requirement to claim energy, Standard Horlicks does not claim energy on packaging or communications.

Can Horlicks Original claim delivery of energy? 
No, standard Horlicks cannot claim delivery of energy in two serves per day (as per current regulations).

Does Horlicks Original contain sugar? 
Horlicks Original is not added with table sugar (sucrose).  It contains 80% carbohydrates due to conversion of starch into different types of sugars during malting process.

If Horlicks Original does not contain sugar, how does it receive its sweetness? 
In the production of malted food drinks, there is a process called malting.  During the malting process (barley or other grains used) starch in the grains is hydrolysedhydrolyzed (broken down) into various types of sugars (glucose, maltose, maltotriosemalt triose etcetc.).  these sugars are sweet in taste, therefore malted food drinks carry a sweet taste.

Does Horlicks Original contain any sweeteners? 
No, Horlicks Original does not contain any sweeteners.

Is Horlicks Original suitable for children with diabetes? 
Parents and caregivers are advised to consult their healthcare professionals before giving Horlicks Original to children with diabetes.

Is there other variants of Horlicks other than Horlicks Original? 
Yes, Chocolate Horlicks is available, which might be distributed in future. 

Is the Horlicks Original distributed by Unilever the same Horlicks Original marketed by GSK earlier? 
Yes it is the same Horlicks Original that was marketed by GSK earlier.

Does Horlicks Original contain real milk in it? 
Horlicks Original contains milk solids as a part of product formulation.

Horlicks Original says on pack that its nutrients support healthy bones, healthy muscles, healthy blood and immune function.  How does Horlicks Original make these claims.  
Horlicks has these nutrients in adequate amounts (more than 1/3 of recommended dietary allowance) in recommended serves per day.  The role of these nutrients in supporting these functions are documented in accepted nutritional research.

Horlicks Original says ‘the Great Family Nourisher’ on front of packaging.  Does this mean Horlicks is a nutritional beverage for the family?
Yes, since its inception more than 100 years ago, Horlicks is considered a nutritious beverage suitable for family.

How many glasses/ servings of Horlicks can a child take in a day? 
It is recommended that a child of mentioned age group (6 -16 years) take two servings/ glasses of Horlicks per day.  

Can a child take more than 2 serves of Horlicks a day? 
Parents or care givers may consult the dietician or healthcare professional of the child before providing more than 2 serves of Horlicks per day.

How can I prepare Horlicks Original? 
Please refer to method of preparation on the pack.

Do you use artificial colours or flavours in this product? 
No artificial flavours or colours are added to Horlicks Original.

Are additives in Horlicks Original permitted to be used? 
All additives used in manufacturing Horlicks Original are permitted additives as per Sri Lanka food regulations. 

Can my child take Horlicks Original in plain hot water, without adding any milk? 
Yes it is possible, please consult the method of preparation on the pack.

Can Horlicks Original to be given to other children (children less than 6 years, more than 16 years)? 
Children between 3 to 6 years and above 16 years can take Horlicks Original.  Please consult your healthcare professional before giving Horlicks Original to children less than 3 years.

Is it necessary to transfer the Horlicks Original powder to a separate container once pack is opened? Can’t I keep it in the Horlicks pack itself? 
Horlicks is a very hygroscopic powder (absorbs moisture easily).  It is advisable to transfer content to a dry, clean and air tight container to prevent powder from absorbing moisture and making lumps.

Does the iron added to Horlicks cause any blackening of the tea when prepared with tea infusion (tea brew)? 
No, iron in Horlicks does not cause any blackening when made with tea infusion.

What does the set of numbers on side panel of pack indicate? 
These numbers are the bar code.  It may be used by super markets to identify the product price.

Is Horlicks or malted food heaty? 
Heaty is a concept recognized in indigenous medicine.  If you may have a concern that Horlicks could be heaty, please consult your healthcare professional to clear your doubts.

The ingredients list indicate an ingredient named INS 501 (ii).  Please explain what that is and why is it added? 
It is potassium hydrogen carbonate, added for the function of acidity regulator.  It helps regulate the pH level (acidity) of the end product.

When I opened the Horlicks pack, the powder does not seem to flow as like my original Horlicks. Is this product ok? 
We have not changed the characteristics of the Horlicks Original powder.  If you believe there could be a quality concern with the powder you have, please consult the consumer care team.

When I opened the Horlicks pack, the powder does not appear like my Horlicks Original. It looks lighter or darker. Is the product ok?  
We have not changed the characteristics of the Horlicks malted food that was being marketed.  If you believe there could be a quality concern with the powder you have, please consult the consumer care team.

I saw an advertisement  thatadvertisement that recommends consuming Horlicks every day. What is the right dosage to take? 
Horlicks is recommended to be taken every day, 2 times a day, as a part of the daily diet of children. Recommended serve size is 27g, and two serves per day are recommended.

Why does Horlicks need to be consumed every day? 
In their daily food habits, children tend to miss out nutritious food that is rich in micronutrients. Providing children 2 serves of Horlicks daily may help them obtain the micronutrients required for their growth. Horlicks contains 23 vital nutrients important for growing children.

Can I give Horlicks to my 3 year old son/ daughter? 
Horlicks is designed considering nutritional requirements of 6-16 years age group children. Food of children 3 years or less needs to be decided in consultation with their healthcare professional.

Are there any non-vegetarian ingredients in standard Horlicks? 
Horlicks is a vegeterianvegetarian source of nutrition. There are no non-vegeterianvegetarian ingredients in Horlicks.

Are there any side effects of consuming Horlicks? 
No, there are no side effects of consuming Horlicks as far as we know and understand.

Can I have medicine along with Horlicks? For example, multivitamins? 
Horlicks provides most of the vitamins and minerals a growing child requires.  Please consult your child’s healthcare professional before giving him/ her any multivitamins while consuming Horlicks.

Can standard Horlicks be consumed by pregnant and lactating mothers? 
Yes, Horlicks is a family nourisher. It can be consumed by pregnant and lactating women. It is advisable to obtain the advice of healthcare professionals during pregnancy and lactation on food selection.

Can Horlicks original be consumed by a person having lactose intolerance? 
Horlicks contains a certain amount of milk solids, therefore may contain lactose.  Please consult the healthcare provider to know if Horlicks might be suitable for you.

Do Knorr products contain MSG? 
 Knorr Seasoning Cube, Chicken Powder Mix, Maldives Fish Powder Mix, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili, Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes contain added MSG.  
 Biriyani Mix, Devilled Mix, Chicken Curry Mix & Nasi Goreng Mix do not contain added MSG.

What are the variants which do not contain added MSG?  
Biriyani Mix, Devilled Mix, Chicken Curry Mix, Nasi Goreng Mix do not contain added MSG.

Why do you have MSG in some of your variants only?  
Consumer expectations from using Knorr seasoning cube, maldivefish powder, chicken seasoning powder, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili and Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes is to enhance the taste of the overall end dish. Hence based on this consumer need, we use flavor enhancers such as MSG as permitted by Food (flavoring substances and flavor enhancers) regulation. 
  
It says MSG is carcinogenic, if so why do you use MSG as an ingredient in your products? 
*Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is the sodium salt of glutamic acid, an abundant amino acid which is a building block of all proteins.
*Glutamate occurs naturally in many foods such as cheese, milk, meat, fish and many vegetables such as tomatoes, mushrooms and carrots. 
*t is added directly to foods by consumers, especially by Asians and is also used by the food industry in various ready-to-serve foods, such as dry or canned soups and sauces as well as frozen foods made out of meat and fish.
*It makes good flavors taste better, but cannot improve bad-tasting food, or substitute for the use of low-quality ingredients.
*The safe use of MSG in foods is confirmed and authorized by scientific bodies and regulatory authorities around the world, such as the;
   *Food (Flavoring Substances & Flavor Enhancers) Regulation 2013 under the Food act of Sri Lanka.  
   * US FDA (United States Food & Drug Administration). 
   * JECFA (Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives).
*MSG helps to offer great tasting, affordable food. It also enables the reduction of salt content in 
food to help people lower their salt intake.

Knorr products are harmful for health/poisonous (For FB comments)? 
Knorr products are not harmful and contain ingredients permitted by Food (flavoring substances and flavor enhancers) regulation. If you have a special medical condition, please follow your medical advisor’s guidance.

If a consumer suggests we remove MSG? 
Thank you for your feedback. At Knorr we always strive to fulfill consumer needs and provide the best quality products for consumer use.

Do you use artificial flavors? flavor enhancers in your products?  
Artificial flavors and flavor enhancers are two different food additives. 
Knorr maldivefish powder mix is the only product that contains artificial flavor. Knorr seasoning cube, 
Knorr maldivefish powder, chicken seasoning powder, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili and Chinese 
Vegetable Chopsuey mixes contain flavor enhancers. All our products comply with Sri Lanka food laws.

Is there artificial flavor in KMF powder mix?  
Only Knorr maldivefish powder mix contains artificial flavor. All our products comply with Sri Lanka food laws.

Is it ok if Knorr products are used for preparing food for children under 4 years? 
Knorr is not intended for infants and young children. Please consult your pediatrician with regard to your child’s food consumption.  
(note – young children – below the age of 3).

Are there any specific storage conditions that I need to follow when storing Knorr products? 
Please store in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight. You may refer the product label for storage instructions.

Is this a vegetarian product? 
Knorr Biriyani Mix, Devilled Mix, Chicken Curry Mix, Chinese Sweet & Sour, Chinese Chili, Chinese Vegetable Chopsuey mixes do not contain any animal origin ingredients.

Can Vegans use this product? 
All our ingredients are mentioned on the pack, please refer the pack for necessary information prior to consumption.

What is Viva? 
Viva is a malted food drink made of malt extract, milk solids and other ingredients.

Is Viva a malted milk? 
No, Viva is not a malted milk.  Viva is a malted food drink.

How do you define a malted food drink? 
Malted food drink is made of malt extract, added with skimmed milk, with or without vegetable or milk solids.

What is defined as malt extract? 
Malt extract is a sweet, sticky substance derived by processing malted barley in water.

What is meant by malted barley? 
Malted barley is made in a process called malting. Malting is germinating the grains and drying of germinated grains in controlled conditions.

What are the ingredients used to make malt extract? 
Malted barley is the most common ingredient, while other grains such as wheat, millet and rye also can be used. Malted barley is made in a process called malting (germinating and drying of germinated grains).

In which country is Viva MFD manufactured? 
Viva is manufactured in India.

In which country is Viva packed into food containers (boxes or jars)? 
Packaging into final food containers (boxes and jars) also takes place in India. 

What gives specific aroma and fragrance of Viva? 
Specific aroma and fragrance of Viva is provided by malted extract and milk solids.

What are the key benefits of consuming Viva? 
Viva contains proteins from milk, malted barley, 7 essential vitamins, iron, calcium and phosphorus.

What are the health benefits I am getting from mentioned nutrients of Viva? 
Proteins are useful to build and repair body tissues, develop enzymes, hormones and other required chemicals.  Protein is an essential building block of bones, muscles, skin, cartilage and blood. 
Malted barley help generate the energy we need to stay alive, grow, be active.  
Vitamin B1 helps release energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports digestive and nerve system. 
Vitamin B2 helps release energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports maintain healthy vision, and skin health. 
Vitamin B3 helps release of energy from food in regular energy yielding metabolism, supports skin health, nerve and digestive systems. 
Vitamin B6 helps metabolism of amino acid and fatty acid, supports normal function & building of healthy blood cells, supports conversion of tryptophan to niacin.
Vitamin B12 helps folate metabolism, essential for normal formation and function of blood cells, helps maintain healthy nerve cells, helps breakdown some fatty and amino acids. 
Folic acid is essential for new cell formation & function of blood cells, required to reduce the risk of neural tube defects of foetusfetus, and needed to synthesize amino acids, DNA and RNA. 
Vitamin C acts as an Antioxidant, helps strengthen resistance to infections, helps in iron absorption from food, and supports collagen & thyroxin synthesis.
Iron synthesis Iron is needed to build healthy red blood cells, supports myelination and neurotransmitter synthesis, also is a part of myoglobin. 
calciumCalcium is the key constituent of bones & teeth, helps in nerve function, muscle contraction & needed& needed for blood clotting. 
phosphorus is an important constituent of bones, and needed for energy metabolism.

For whom is Viva recommended? 
Viva is recommended for healthy adults. 

I am giving Viva to my school going kid. If Viva is recommended for healthy adults, should I discontinue the use of Viva for my Kid? 
If your school going child is above 3 years, then giving Viva to that child would be alright. However it is highly advisable to consult the child’s healthcare provider or dietician before continuing Viva for him or her.

If Viva is recommended for healthy adults, is it not good for kids? 
While the Viva product has been formulated considering the healthy adults’ nutrient requirements, several nutrients suitable and good for children have been included in Viva.  Therefore nothing in Viva is considered unsuitable for children.  It is for the best interest of your child that we recommend checking with a qualified healthcare provider before giving food to children.

Does Viva provide energy? 
Yes, Viva contains fat and carbohydrate that help provide energy in normal energy yielding metabolism.  Three serves per day (each serve 30 g) provide 342 kcal of energy.               

Can Viva claim delivery of energy? 
Yes Viva can claim delivery of energy as regulatory requirement to claim energy is 300 kcal per servings recommended per day.  Viva delivers 342 kcal in 3 serves per day. 
  
Does Viva contain sugar? 
Viva is not added with table sugar (sucrose).  However, Viva contains 78% carbohydrates due to hydrolysis of starch in grains used in malting process.       

If Viva does not contain sugar, how does it receive its sweetness? 
During the malting process of barley (or other used grains) starch in the grains is hydrolyzed (broken down) into various types of sugars (glucose, maltose, maltotriosemalt trioseetcetc.).  theseThese sugars are sweet in taste, therefore the malted food drink carries a sweet taste. 

Does Viva contain any sweeteners? 
No Viva does not contain any sweeteners.

Is Viva suitable for individuals with diabetes? 
Adults who may suffer from diabetes are advised to consult their healthcare professionals on consuming Viva or any other similar kind of food product.

Is there other variants of Viva other than Viva original? 
No, only Viva original is available in Sri Lanka currently. 

Is the Viva distributed by Unilever the same Viva earlier marketed by GSK?  
Yes, it is the same Viva that was marketed by GSK.

Does Viva contain real milk in it?  
Viva contains milk solids as a part of product formulation. 

Viva says ‘Get Energy Get Active’ on the front of the packaging.  Does this mean people will get energy when they consume Viva? 
Viva contains macronutrients (fat, carbohydrate and protein) that delivers energy in the normal energy yielding metabolism.  Viva delivers 342 kcal in 3 serves which is recommended serves per day.

Viva sachets do not have the statement “Get energy, get active” on it. Is it a different product compared to the other Viva packs? 
Viva malted food drink available for consumers in 400 g, and 800 g packaging is the same as that of Viva sachet.  The energy claim is not made on sachet as only a single serve is available in sachet.

How many glasses/servings of Viva can I take in a day? 
Viva is a nourishing beverage to be consumed as a part of regular daily diet. The recommended daily serve is 3 cups.    
    
Can I take more than 3 cups of Viva per day?  
Three cups are recommended per day for a healthy adult as it provides sufficient energy, and nutrients mentioned in the product.  A healthy adult is expected to have a balanced diet.  It is advisable to consult your dietician or healthcare professional before consuming more than 3 serves of Viva per day.

How can I prepare Viva? With hot milk or cold milk? 
Please refer to method of preparation on the pack.
 
Do you use artificial colors or flavors in this product? 
No artificial colors or flavors are used to manufacture Viva. 

Are additives in Viva permitted to be used? 
All additives used in manufacturing Viva are permitted additives as per Sri Lanka food regulations.
 
Can I take Viva in plain hot water, without adding any milk? 
Yes it is possible, please consult the method of preparation on the pack.

Can Viva be consumed by children (aged 3 years onwards)? 
Viva has been formulated considering healthy adults nutrient requirements.  However, there is nothing that is unsuitable in Viva for children. You may please consult your healthcare professional before giving Viva to children of mentioned ages.

Can Viva be given to children less than 3 years of age? 
Foods  for infants and young children should always be given according to their medical practitioners advise. Please consult your medical practitioner before giving any new food to them.

Is it necessary to transfer the Viva powder to a separate container once pack is opened? Can’t I keep it in the Viva pack itself? 
Viva malted food drink powder is very hygroscopic (absorbs moisture readily).  It is highly advisable to transfer contents to a dry, clean and air tight container to prevent powder from absorbing moisture and making lumps.

Does the iron added to Viva cause any blackening of the tea once prepared with tea infusion (tea brew)? 
No, iron in Viva does not cause any blackening in the Viva tea.

What does the set of numbers appearing in the side panel indicate? 
These numbers are referred to as the bar code.  This is used by supermarkets to identify the product price.

Is Viva, or malted food heaty?  
Heaty is a concept recognized in indigenous medicine.  Different people may react differently to food products.  If you may have a concern of Viva being heaty, you may consult your healthcare professional to clear your doubts.

Why is calcium bicarbonate and potassium bicarbonate added to Viva malted food drink? 
These are added to act as acidity regulators, to regulate the pH level of end product.

Why is corn syrup (hydrolysedhydrolyzed) added to Viva? 
Corn syrup adds body (volume) to the product and in addition enhances the taste.

Viva packaging says iron is available or added to the product.  How is iron added and is that iron safe? 
Iron is added as ferric pyrophosphate.  It is one of the accepted sources of adding iron to food products.     

I had heard that tea is inhibiting iron absorption. Will drinking Viva with tea prevent getting Iron available in Viva? 
Scientifically it is accepted that caffeincaffeine present in tea affects absorption of iron in food.  However, the entire content of iron is not deprived from absorption due to making Viva in tea.  Studies indicate that about 50% iron may not be absorbed due to presence of caffeincaffeine in food.

Is there any standard / regulations governing the Viva malted drinks? 
Yes, there is a regulation (Food standards regulation 1989) which stipulates requirements for moisture (max 3.5%) and fat content (not less than 4%). A standard on malted food also available it is not a mandatory standard.

Can Viva be used by a person with lactose intolerance? 
Viva contains certain amount of milk solids.  Milk solids may contain lactose.  Lactose intolerant persons cannot take milk or milk components.  Therefore please consult a dietician or healthcare professional before giving Viva to a lactose intolerant person.

I have heard that a colourcolor coding scheme on fat salt and sugar is to be labelled on food products from beginning of this year.  why is that colourcolor coding not see on Viva 
packages? 
The mentioned colourcolor coding regulation is currently applicable only to solid and semi-solid food products.  malted food drinks such as Viva is exempted from this regulation as malted food drinks are food that need reconstitution or preparation before consumption.

I am person who exercise and work out at gymnasium frequently.  please advise if consuming Viva more than 3 serves a day is recommended for me? 
Viva is recommended to be taken as three serves per day.  It should be taken as a part of a balanced daily diet and exercise plan. If you wish to consume more than 3 serves per day please consult your fitness instructor and/ or healthcare professional.

Can I know the amount of energy I can obtain from a cup (serve) of Viva? 
One cup of Viva (when prepared according to MOP on pack: 30 g powder per glass) delivers 114 kcal energy.

Products’ benefits-based questions? I have normal teeth & gums , what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Anticavity Toothpaste to protect teeth from cavities, gives fresh breath, relives tooth aches with an ayurvedic formulation consisting mainly of  Dassanakanthi Choornam and Clove Oil .
Ayush Whitening Toothpaste for whitening teeth, make teeth stronger and prevent tooth decay with Sea Salt & Arimedas Tailam consisting of several ayurvedic herbs in this concoction .

Products for various Oral- based questions?
Unhealthy Gums and weak teeth – For weak Gum and teeth related problems we recommend Ayush Anti Cavity Toothpaste with clove oil and Dasanakanthi choornam for strong teeth and healthy gums . 
Stained and discolored teeth – For Stained and discolored teeth we recommend Ayush Whitening toothpaste with Sea Salt and Arimedas Tailam for whiter teeth. Use upto 30 days to see results.

Products purchase place-based questions
Official Website, Ustore, Supermarket – Keells | Cargills | Arpico | Glomark| SPAR, Fancy outlets, Daraz, General Trade Outlets.

Products price based questions?
SKU Description                       MRP
Ayush Anti Cavity Toothpaste 120g      Rs.285
Ayush Whitening Toothpaste 120g        Rs.285
70g
Ayush Anticavity Toothpaste 30g        Rs.115

Products’ benefits-based questions
I have Hair fall problems , what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Anti Hair fall Bhringaraj Shampoo with an ayurvedic formulation with Rosemary & Bhringamalakadi Tailam consisting of several ayurvedic herbs in this concoction to nourish roots, strengthen hair and prevent hair fall.

I have Dandruff/Hair fall, what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Anti Dandruff Neem Shampoo  with the properties of ancient ayurvedic herbs such as Neem & concoctions such as Rosemary Tailam helps in getting rid of dandruff, nourish and give the scalp the care it requires and reduce hair fall.

Products price based questions?
SKU Description                        MRP
Ayush Anti Dandruff Shampoo 175ml      Rs.845
Ayush Anti Hair fall Shampoo 175ml      Rs.845
Ayush Anti Dandruff Shampoo 100ml      Rs.460
Ayush Anti Hair fall Shampoo 100ml      Rs.460

Products’ benefits-based questions
I have Hair fall problems , what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Anti Hair fall Bhringaraj Shampoo with an ayurvedic formulation with Rosemary & Bhringamalakadi Tailam consisting of several ayurvedic herbs in this concoction to nourish roots, strengthen hair and prevent hair fall.
I have Dandruff/Hair fall, what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Anti Dandruff Neem Shampoo  with the properties of ancient ayurvedic herbs such as Neem & concoctions such as Rosemary Tailam helps in getting rid of dandruff, nourish and give the scalp the care it requires and reduce hair fall .

Products price based questions?
 SKU Description                      MRP
Ayush Anti Dandruff Shampoo 175ml     Rs.845  
Ayush Anti Hair fall Shampoo 175ml     Rs.845
Ayush Anti Dandruff Shampoo 100ml     Rs.460
Ayush Anti Hair fall Shampoo 100ml     Rs.460

Products for various scalp and hair-based questions?
Dandruff – For Dandruff related problems we recommend Ayush Anti Dandruff with Aloe and Rosemary tailam. 
Hair fall – For hair fall related problems we recommend Ayush Anti Hair fall shampoo with Bhringaraj and Bhringamalakadi tailam. 
*Use upto 30 days to see results.

Products purchase place-based questions?
Official Website, Ustore, Supermarket – Keells | Cargills | Arpico | Glomark| SPAR, Fancy outlets, Daraz.

Products’ benefits-based questions?
I have sensitive/dry/normal/oily skin, what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Turmeric Soap/Ayush Saffron Soap/ Ayush Aloe soap for all types of skin as it  enriched with ayurvedic herbs such as turmeric, saffron and ayurvedic Tailams such as Panchavalkadi Tailam, Kunkumadi Tailam, Nalpamaradi Tailam which keeps the skin supple giving a healthy glow with clear skin and helps feel the skin be refreshed.
Ayush Turmeric Soap: Prevent skin infection and rashes, leaving the skin clear and glowing.
Ayush Saffron Soap:  Prevent marks, lighten the complexion, improve skin quality.
Ayush Aloe Soap: Keep the skin hydrated, make the skin supple and radiant, relieve skin diseases, keep skin fresh and clean.

Products purchase place-based questions?
Official Website, Ustore, Supermarket – Keells | Cargills | Arpico | Glomark| SPAR, Fancy outlets, Daraz.

Products for various skin-based questions?
Acne, Dry skin – For issues related to dry skin and acne, we recommend Ayush Turmeric soap with Turmeric and Nalaparadi tailam for a clear and glowing skin.
Uneven Skin tone, Acne – For issues related to skin tone and acne, we recommend Ayush Saffron soap with Saffron and Kumkumadi tailam for a bright skin with a natural glow.
Skin Inflammation, Dry skin – For issues related to dry skin and inflammation, we recommend Ayush Aloe soap with Lemon grass and Panchavalkadi tailam for a  refreshed skin.
*Use up to 30 days to see results.

Products price based questions?
SKU Description             MRP
Ayush Turmeric Soap 100g     Rs. 225   
Ayush Aloe Soap 100g         Rs. 225
Ayush Saffron Soap 100g      Rs.225

Products’ benefits-based questions?
I have oily skin/dry skin/Normal skin, what product should I use?
We recommend Ayush Turmeric Face Cream/Ayush Saffron Face Cream for all types of skin as it consists of a rich ayurvedic based formulation to get an enhanced complexion while preventing marks and improving the quality of the skin overall and also our Ayush Turmeric Face Wash as it is enriched with Turmeric, Ayush Turmeric Face Wash cleanses the impurities from your face & leaving the skin clear and glowing while precenting infections on the skin.

products for various skin types- based questions?
All our products do not consist of any SPF. Hence, not recommended to be used as a sun protection cream.
All our products are suitable for all types of skin.
We currently have :
Face Wash: Ayush Turmeric Facewash
Face Cream: Ayush Turmeric Facecream Ayush Saffron Facecream.

Day/Night Cream?
Ayush Saffron Face Cream and Ayush Turmeric Face Cream -Both these products can be used at any time of the day.(As a day cream or night cream)

Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo details are:
available in 180ml
Rs 175.49 INR 
"Introducing the NEW Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo with Activ-Mix, a groundbreaking formula designed to amplify the thickness and fullness of your hair. Enriched with a potent blend of Keratin, Yogurt Protein, and Coconut Oil, this shampoo works synergistically to provide your hair with strength, nourishment, and reduced frizz, leaving you with hair that looks 2 times thicker and fuller.
About the Product Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo:
Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo with Activ-Mix is a game-changer for those desiring thicker and fuller-looking hair. The powerful combination of Keratin, Yogurt Protein, and Coconut Oil works to enhance the building blocks of your hair, nourish each strand, and reduce frizz for a smoother and aligned appearance. This shampoo is crafted to leave your hair looking 2 times thicker and fuller.
Key Ingredients of Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo:
Keratin: Known as the building block of hair, Keratin provides strength, promoting thicker and fuller-looking locks.
Yogurt Protein: With nourishing properties, Yogurt Protein helps to revitalize and strengthen your hair, contributing to a fuller appearance.
Coconut Oil: Renowned for its ability to reduce frizz, Coconut Oil works to smoothen and align your hair, adding to the overall thickness and fullness.
Uses of Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo:
Elevate your daily hair care routine by applying NEW Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo with Activ-Mix to wet hair. Massage into a rich lather, focusing on the roots, and then rinse thoroughly. For optimal results, follow up with NEW Sunsilk Thick and Long Conditioner with Activ-Mix to complete the nourishing and thickness-boosting regimen.
Legal Disclaimers/Allergen Warnings/Other Important Information:
Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo with Activ-Mix is your trusted solution for amplifying the thickness and fullness of your hair. Perform a patch test before full application to ensure compatibility. For external use only. In case of contact with eyes, rinse thoroughly. This shampoo is cruelty-free, aligning with our commitment to responsible beauty practices.
Experience the transformation with NEW Sunsilk Thick and Long Shampoo with Activ-Mix – where the powerful blend of Keratin, Yogurt Protein, and Coconut Oil unites to give you hair that looks 2 times thicker and fuller, providing a touch of luxury to your daily hair care routine.
 
Axe Signature Intense Body Deodorant Spray details are:
availabe in 122ml
Rs 589.66 INR
Kickstart your day with Axe Signature Intense Body Perfume. A strong and long lasting woody fragrance with a subtle hint of vanilla and green hazelnut. The sensual and bold aroma of this fragrance lasts for up to 24 hours, giving you long lasting, all day freshness. A fragrance so intense that it leaves people talking about you long after you have left the room. Suitable for both work and play, this perfume will ensure you always make a bold statement.

Pears Sweet Princess Baby Cologne details are:
available in 100ml
Rs 140.40 INR
Long Description of Pears Sweet Princess Baby Cologne: 
A Magical Spell for your Little Princess. Pears Sweet Princess Cologne gives your baby an irresistible and long-lasting fragrance that helps your baby to feel more refreshed and comfortable.
Uses of Pears Sweet Princess Baby Cologne:
Avoid contact with eyes. For external use only. Keep out of reach of children.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION (INGREDIENTS, WARNINGS)
Denatured Ethanol, Water, Glycerin, Perfume, PEG-60, Hydrogenated Castor Oil.
This product is IFRA Approved.

Vaseline Healthy Bright without Pump 400ml
Rs 505.42 INR
or pay in 3 x LKR 600.00 with Koko Koko
Vaseline truly Believes that healthy skin starts with the deep healing moisture. Healthy Bright with Vaseline Jelly Micro-droplets & Vitamin B3 and triple sunscreens can restore and bring natural radiance to your skin. Enriched with micro-droplets of Vaseline jelly. Contains vitamin B3 and triple sunscreens. Quick absorb formula. Naturally radiant skin in 2 weeks.
Uses of Vaseline Healthy Bright:
Use twice a day for best results. Apply generously and massage until it gets absorbed.
Instantly absorbs 5 layers deep for healthy soft skin.
Featherlight formula with non-greasy feel.
Eco Pack
Pump built to last over 3 replacements

Dove Intense Repair Conditioner details are:
available in 180ml
Rs 233.06 INR
or pay in 3 x LKR 276.66 with Koko Koko
"Does your hair get frizzy and unmanageable? Are you left wishing for a remedy to fix your frizzy tassels? Do you want to know the secret to fixing frizzy hair? Try New Dove Intense Repair Conditioner. Control frizz with a nourishing conditioner that’s formulated to nourish and help with frizz prevention. Formulated with Keratin Actives, Dove Intense Repair Conditioner helps to nourish dry and frizzy hair with two-way care. It controls external signs of dryness in the form of frizz, while nourishing strands to help them look their best. This conditioner for frizzy, damaged hair leaves hair visibly smooth and more manageable – giving you smoother hair* that you will be proud of. Use it after your shampoo on damp hair for best results. This nourishing conditioner works immediately to smoothen the hair surface, deeply nourishing to moisturize hair strands for healthier looking and smoother*hair. With every use, you’ll be left with smooth, shiny and beautiful hair. Buy New Dove Intense Repair conditioner and treat your hair to a look that will be the cause of envy among all your friends. Dove Conditioners, for 100% care.
Based on lab test with Dove Intense Repair system vs non-conditioning shampoo Intensive Repair Conditioner, 
* Revives damaged hair
* Repairing conditioner that stops 98% of daily hair damage
* Damaged hair system made with Dove Bio-Restore Complex
* Provides complete care for severely damaged hair
* Shampoo and conditioner for damaged hair works in harmony with your hair
* Use with our Intensive Repair Shampoo to help protect hair from damage"

Tresemme Sulphate Free Pro Protect conditioner details are:
available in 190ml
Sold out Rs 620.55 INR
or pay in 3 x LKR 736.66 with Koko Koko
Introducing TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner with Moroccan Argan Oil, a premium hair care solution specially formulated for women with color-treated hair. This advanced conditioner not only provides the nourishing benefits of Moroccan Argan Oil but is also designed to help retain hair color for an extended period, ensuring vibrant and lustrous locks.
About the Product:
TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner with Moroccan Argan Oil is a game-changer for color-treated hair. Immerse your locks in the richness of Moroccan Argan Oil, renowned for its nourishing properties, while benefiting from the sulfate-free formula that gently cares for color-treated hair. This conditioner is crafted to enhance the longevity of your hair color, leaving it silky, vibrant, and irresistibly soft.
Uses of Tresemme Sulphate Free Pro Protect conditioner:
Elevate your hair care routine by applying a generous amount of TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner with Moroccan Argan Oil to clean, damp hair. Allow the conditioner to work its magic, focusing on the mid-lengths to ends. Rinse thoroughly for color-treated hair that is not only beautifully conditioned but also protected and vibrant.
Ingredients of Tresemme Sulphate Free Pro Protect conditioner:
Our meticulously crafted formula features the enriching properties of Moroccan Argan Oil, providing your color-treated hair with the nourishment it needs. TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner is designed to care for your hair, ensuring a sulfate-free experience that supports color retention.
Legal Disclaimers/Allergen Warnings/Other Important Information:
TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner with Moroccan Argan Oil is your go-to solution for sulfate-free, color-treated hair care. Prioritize the health and vibrancy of your hair by conducting a patch test before full application. For external use only. If contact with eyes occurs, rinse thoroughly. This conditioner is cruelty-free, reflecting our commitment to responsible beauty practices.
Immerse your color-treated hair in the nourishing and protective embrace of TRESemmé Sulphate-Free Pro Protect Conditioner with Moroccan Argan Oil – where vibrant, salon-quality results meet sulfate-free care."

Pureit Classic Blue Water Purifier
Available in 9L
Rs 7019.79 INR
or pay in 3 x LKR 8,333.33 with Koko Koko
Description of Pureit Classic Blue Water Purifier:
Pureit brings you a practical water purifier with a large 9L storage capacity and 4 stage purification to make sure you and your family always drink pure water, without any hassle. No boiling, gas or electricity required to purify water and this purifier doesn’t even require a continuous water supply.
Features of Pureit Classic Blue Water Purifier:
•Programmed Germkill Technology -Each GKK purifies up to 1500 litres of water and the Germkill Life Indicator gives a warning before the GKK needs to be replaced.
•Microbe Removal-Removes bacteria, viruses, protozoa, and parasites.
•Activated Carbon Trap-Removes harmful pesticides.
•Polisher-Removes fine and coarse particulates.
•Break-Resistance Tap-Tested up to 50,000 times to ensure durability.
•Auto Shut-Off-Ensures water purity.
Stages of Purification are:
1.Microfiber Filter-Removes visible contaminants.
2.Activated Carbon Filter-Removes parasites and pesticides.
3.Germkill Processor-Removes harmful bacteria and viruses.
4.Polisher-Removes Chlorine and other contaminants to give you clear, odourless and natural tasting drinking water.
Share this:
Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Share on LinkedIn   Pin on Pinterest Pin on Pinterest
Unilever Sri Lanka
Vincent Perera Mawatha,
Colombo 14,
Sri Lanka
consumercare.usl@unilever.com
Hotline: 1323 (Toll Free)
Useful Links
About Us
Create Account
FAQs
Privacy Notice
Terms of Uses
Return & Refund Policy
Cookie Notice
Accessibility
Shop Categories
Beauty & Personal care
Food & Refreshment
Home Care
Recipes
Connect with Us
FacebookFacebook
InstagramInstagram
WhatsappWhatsapp
ViberViber
Footer Image
Copyright © 2024 Unilever Sri Lanka Limited.
All rights reserved.
E-commerce Solution By Ecom Services
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our terms & conditions. More Information Accept!

Lakme Absolute Perfect Radiance Serum details are as follows:
Available in 30ml
Sale Original price
Rs 1263.56 INR
Current priceRs 1010.85 INR
or pay in 3 x LKR 1,200.00 with Koko Koko
Description of Lakme Absolute Perfect Radiance Serum is:
Get a fresh and radiant glow everyday with Lakmé Absolute Perfect Radiance. With the power of precious micro-crystals, the high- resolution clarity of a crystal is now captured in this new range. This luscious skin brightening serum is concentrated with Vita-Resorcinol that diminishes the formation and transfer of skin darkening pigments and precious micro-crystals known to polish your skin.
Uses of Lakme Absolute Perfect Radiance Serum:
Step 1: Take 2 pumps of the serum on to your palm.
Step 2: Use your ring finger and dot the serum over your face and neck.
Step 3: Gently massage the serum in a circular motion starting from the center to the contours of your face.

Dove Growth Ritual Conditioner details are as follows:
Available in 180ml:
If you're searching for an answer on how to make your hair longer and stronger, it's time to discover North American inspired hair beauty secrets. New Dove Nourishing Secrets Growth Ritual Conditioner is designed to immunize hair to cope with stressful routines that triggers hair breakage limiting its growth potential. Inspired by North American women who use blends of Echinacea and white tea extracts to nourish and take care of your hair. From tangling and brushing, to heat damage and broken hair – this nourishing conditioner works to immunize your hair to cope against stressful routines. With regular use, our caring formula helps to stop hair breakage – while enabling your strands to look beautifully longer and healthier, wash after wash.
Combining the advanced nourishment of Dove with ingredients inspired by nature, our unique hair growth conditioner  nourishes your strands with the kindness they deserve. So, if you’re wondering how to repair broken hair, take some inspiration from the beauty rituals of North American women.   
- Hair growth conditioner Enriched with coneflower, oil & White Tea 
- Designed to stop hair breakage and strengthen hair.
- Inspired by the beauty rituals of North American women.
- Immunize hair to cope against stressful routines.
- Combines the intense nourishment from Dove with nature inspired ingredients.
- Perfect for daily use.
Benefits of Dove Growth Ritual Conditioner are:
Instant nourishment for long and strong hair.
Dove Nourishing Secrets Growth Ritual Conditioner deeply nourishes to immunize damaged hair against stressful routines triggering breakage and limiting growth potential.
Putting a stop to hair breakage Sometimes, dryness and a lack of moisture can lead to hair breaking off. But if you’re looking to prevent hair breakage, our caring conditioner can give you a daily dose of nourishment. Bringing together a beautiful blend of ingredients, our formula works to improve strength while deeply moisturizing dry hair.
Adding some natural inspiration to your routine
Inspired by the beauty rituals of North American women, Nourishing Secrets Growth Ritual Conditioner is infused with Echinacea and white tea extracts. Echinacea and its indulging nutrients help to powerfully care for each strand of hair, and with a fresh, floral scent – you can start every day inspired by nature.

Pureit Germ Kill Kit details are as follows: 
Capacity of 1500L:
How to Change the Germkill Kit (GKK)
Click the link to watch the video on how to change Pureit Classic Germkill Kit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBrfKo1_Zmo
Please empty water from the top and transparent chamber completely before changing the Germkill Kit.
1.Remove the top cover. You will see the Activated Carbon Trap.
2.Rotate the Activated Carbon Trap anti-clockwise.
3.Remove it from the device.
4.Insert the new Activated Carbon Trap, rotate clockwise and put back the top cover.
5.Remove the Germkill life indicator cover.
6.Take out old Germkill processor.
7.Insert new Germkill processor and push to ensure tightness.
8.Refit the Germkill life indicator cover.
9.Remove the Top and Batching Chamber and keep it in a clean place.
10.Wash hands thoroughly. Remove the wing nut by turning it anti-clockwise.
11.Remove the transparent chamber.
12.Turn the lid anti-clockwise to remove the Polisher assembly.
13.Remove the base nut by turning it anti-clockwise.
14.Remove old Polisher and insert the new one such that the side with “This side up” written goes in.
15.Tighten the base nut completely.
16.Insert Polisher assembly and rotate the lid to lock it.
17.Place transparent chamber and tighten wing nut.
18.Put back the Top and Batching Chamber on the Transparent Chamber.
19.Pour in water till the brim of the Top Chamber and drain out first 2 cycles of water that collects in the Transparent Chamber. Pureit is now ready for use.

GLOW & HANDSOME details are as follows:
Glow & Handsome offers facewash and face cream that provide superior protection and enhanced glow.
Glow & Handsome provides dermatologically tested products that are safe and ideal for everyday use. Our product range is designed for men to give healthy glowing skin by fighting the effects of external aggressors like sun, pollution and UV rays.
Glow & Handsome’s revolutionary Rapid Action Technology with multivitamin boost + UV filters offers five benefits:
Sun protection against UV rays
Instant brightness for glowing and even-toned skin
Skin clarity by reducing dark spots and marks
Oil & sweat reduction
Long-lasting freshness.
Glow & Lovely is based on pioneering technology that has made multiple skin care benefits available to consumers at an affordable price.
At Glow & Lovely, our purpose is to inspire women to create their own identity which is supported by initiatives like Glow & Lovely Careers that offers women education, skills training and career guidance.
Glow & Lovely has been progressively changing its formulation, and includes vitamins like B6, C & E and allantoin which are known to protect skin from external aggressors, UV rays and environmental pollution. Glow & Lovely is designed to improve the skin barrier function, improve skin firmness and smoothen skin texture - all which holistically help enhance radiance and glow.

Axe Signature Dark Temptation Ticket Body Spray details are as follows:
Available in 17ml
The worlds number No1 male deodorant AXE, introduces a revolutionary pocket sized pack AXE ticket. This compact, no gas body perfume will be your perfect partner whether its a long day at college, or a date at the movies or a rocking party at the most popular club in town. This attractive, sleek and portable pack will be the perfect accessory no matter what the occasion. Just 3 4 sprays in the morning, keeps you feeling fresh for 12 hours. Simply spray axe ticket perfume on your neck and chest after taking a shower and continue smelling great throughout the day. You can carry this portable body perfume wherever you go and spray it whenever you need just that extra boost of confidence, protecting you from body odour.Its long lasting woody fragrance is wearable on any occasion casual or formal, day or night. Get set to make an impression when it matters most. A single axe ticket perfume for men off sprays. So now you can smell great all day long, that too for just. So, what are you waiting for Grab your very own axe ticket perfume. Explore the magic and let it take you places.
Steps for using  Axe Signature Dark Temptation Ticket Body Spray 17ml:
Hold upright and spray on neck and body. A pocket size pack filled with a fresh and woody fragrance that will be with you when you need it the most.
Key Features for Axe Signature Dark Temptation Ticket Body Spray 17ml:
Contains 250 sprays
Fresh and woody fragrance which is sensual and bold
Just 3 4 sprays of this irresistible fragrance helps you get noticed and differentiates you from the crowd.

Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo details are:
Available in 180ml
"Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo is a refreshing and invigorating solution for a healthy scalp and hair. With Triple Anti-Dandruff Technology, this shampoo actively removes, resists, and prevents dandruff, providing a lasting solution for a flake-free scalp. Infused with the cooling freshness of Lime and Cooling Mint, it delivers a revitalizing sensation that invigorates the scalp and keeps you feeling refreshed all day long.
The Uses of Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo:
For an exhilarating experience, wet your hair and scalp thoroughly before applying Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo. Massage the shampoo into your hair and scalp, allowing the Triple Anti-Dandruff Technology and the refreshing Lime and Cooling Mint blend to work their magic. Rinse thoroughly, and for optimal results, incorporate this shampoo into your regular hair care routine.
Key Ingredients of Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo:
Triple Anti-Dandruff Technology: This advanced technology removes grease and resists dandruff, providing a long-lasting solution for a clean and healthy scalp.
Lime and Cooling Mint: The infusion of Lime and Cooling Mint delivers a revitalizing and cooling sensation, leaving your scalp feeling refreshed and invigorated.
Legal Disclaimers/Allergen Warnings/Other Important Information:
Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo is designed for external use only. Perform a patch test before full application to ensure compatibility. In case of contact with eyes, rinse thoroughly. This shampoo is cruelty-free, aligning with responsible beauty practices.
Elevate your hair care routine with Clear Ice Cool Menthol Shampoo, where the powerful combination of Triple Anti-Dandruff Technology and the refreshing blend of Lime and Cooling Mint provides a comprehensive solution for a dandruff-free, refreshed, and invigorated scalp."

Domex Fresh Guard Ocean Fresh Toilet Cleaner details are as follows:
available in 500 ml
Domex Ocean Fresh Kills malodor causing germs and Keeps the toilet fresh for 3 days due to its Anti-Stick technology.
Steps for Using Domex Fresh Guard Ocean Fresh Toilet Cleaner 500ml
step 1 - press pads and twist anti-clockwise to open cap
Step 2 - Direct nozzle under the rim and apply
Step 3 - Domex starts its action with color change from green to blue
Step 4 - wait for 20 mins. Just brush and flush!
IMPORTANT INFORMATION (INGREDIENTS, WARNINGS)
Key Ingredients of Domex Fresh Guard Ocean Fresh Toilet Cleaner 500ml 
Hydrochloric Acid (10% W/V), Amine Ethoxylate, Cetrimonium Chloride, HEDP, Patent Blue (CI 42051), Iragon Blue (CI 61585), Acid Red (CI 45100), Perfume, Polyvinyl Alcohol, Quaternary Silane, Water.
Warnings-
Corrosive. Do not mix with other products (like bleach and other toilet cleners). May release dangerous gases (chlorine). Use for toilet bowl only. keep the bottle closed and out of reach of children. avoid contact with skin and eyes. In case of accidental contact with eyes and skin, wash off immediately with water and sekk medical advice. If swallowed. rinse mouth with water (only if the person is conscious). Seek medical advice and show this container and label.

Comfort Lily Fresh Fabric Conditioner details are as follows:
Available in 210ml
Gives Unbelievable Shine to Clothes comfort nourishes and untangles cloth fibers damaged by washing, and gives clothes an unbelievable shine with Lilly Fresh Fragrance Pearls for Long Lasting Freshness. Makes Clothes soft, smooth & great to wear leaves clothes feeling soft, smooth and great to wear.
Steps for using Comfort Lilly Fresh Fabric Conditioner 
1. After detergent wash, add half a cap of Comfort in a bucket of water (5L). 
2. Soak up to 10 washed clothes in a bucket containing Comfort for 5 minutes. 
3. Remove clothes & dry. (Do not rinse clothes in water after using comfort).
Machine Wash
(Front Load) - Pour 1 cap of Comfort into the softener compartment, at the same time as you add detergent. (Top Load and Semi-Automatic) - Pour 1 cap of Comfort directly into the washing tub in the last rinse cycle.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION (INGREDIENTS, WARNINGS)
Key Ingredients of Comfort Lily Fresh Fabric Conditioner 210ml
Do not pour directly onto clothes. 
Keep out of reach of children. If contact with eyes occurs, rinse with water.
Do not expose to direct sunlight.
Based on lab tests. Benefits may vary as per the chlorine levels of water and dye of fabric.
Tested under lab conditions on select fabrics.  

Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder details are as follow:
Available in 400g
Description for Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder 400g
Sprinkle a dose of freshness into your drinks and dishes! Contains lime powder which is dehydrated from freshly pressed lime juice. Knorr Lime seasoning powder gives the taste and aroma you need to get your lime recipe out fresher and faster. 
Lime seasoning powder has no seasonal variation, we only pick the best limes in season, it saves you time with no cutting and squeezing with no waste! 
Lemon Butter Sauce
Key Ingredients of Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder 400g:
1. 30g Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder
2. 2L water
3. 300g Butter
Preparation Method for Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder 400g
1. Heat up the butter in your saucepan.
2. Add Knorr Lime Seasoning Powder and water.
3. Keep simmering the sauce until you get the desired thickness.


Signal Fighter Soft Toothbrush details are as follows:
Product Description of Signal Fighter Soft Toothbrush. 
The Signal Fighter toothbrush includes the M shaped Dupont Tynex bristle, three angled handle, brush head shaped in the form of the index finger enabling easy reach to all areas of the mouth and cleans in between teeth while giving you the brightest smile.
Steps for Using Single Fighter Soft Toothbrush
Step 1: Remove the packing of the toothbrush.
Step2: Hold your toothbrush at a 45-degree angle toward the gum line.
Step 3: When brushing your teeth, move the brush back and forth gently, with a circular movement over the front, back and top of your teeth.
Step 4: Thoroughly brush behind your lower front teeth.
Step 5: Remember to close the brush with the cap provide once you’re done brushing your teeth.
Warning
Replace the toothbrush bristles have become frayed and worn.

GLOW & HANDSOME details are as follows:
Glow & Handsome offers facewash and face cream that provide superior protection and enhanced glow.
Glow & Handsome provides dermatologically tested products that are safe and ideal for everyday use. Our product range is designed for men to give healthy glowing skin by fighting the effects of external aggressors like sun, pollution and UV rays.
Glow & Handsome’s revolutionary Rapid Action Technology with multivitamin boost + UV filters offers five benefits:
Sun protection against UV rays
Instant brightness for glowing and even-toned skin clarity by reducing dark spots and marksOil & sweat reductionLong-lasting freshness.
Glow & Lovely is based on pioneering technology that has made multiple skin care benefits available to consumers at an affordable price.
At Glow & Lovely, our purpose is to inspire women to create their own identity which is supported by initiatives like Glow & Lovely Careers that offers women education, skills training and career guidance.
Glow & Lovely has been progressively changing its formulation, and includes vitamins like B6, C & E and allantoin which are known to protect skin from external aggressors, UV rays and environmental pollution. Glow & Lovely is designed to improve the skin barrier function, improve skin firmness and smoothen skin texture - all which holistically help enhance radiance and glow.









  






 
    








          
























































































